grill now we feel out andrés contreras still champion
reigning
memory that he also presented
17 cars
but from the team by
and that is already a reality
obregon in the first first set I assume
the third place that has made very good racing a very combative driver what
same as roberto fernández
hector rached that comes from the vicky formula that debuts just in this
hugo díaz boot type grand prize this is
standing there on the grill and immediately javier lamadrid not what
is doing very good starts nc 1997
I have surpassed Bernardo obregón who takes the photo
and javier is
recover their position however there they were at an Olympus
also for
to pass the incentive
The mother's head is trying to get inside and this is what
I also took advantage
to get closer
bobby fernández on the expectation if he stayed and in the back the same
that hector rached that you
a good start however to the first curve after the start
he returned the favor right there
octavio giorgi had some problem that prevented him from staying within the
first five because he had already advanced a position however
well here the things dominated by the team colon in the tip the number
26 of bernardo obregón in front but very close as has been practically
the whole campaign there javier the matrix without detaching
octavio piles of crazy sale know the clue since it is the owner
what to stay there among the first places javier the network was looking for some
way
get close enough to your teammate
to try to snatch the first position
nevertheless it seemed that bernardo peña everything controlled
while there was something
all the competition raúl olimpo
Javier lamadrid approached but he did it so much that they had an altercation
on the track and had to pay a visit to the
problem and with
javier lamadrid and he played it and then what
wolf made it a little out recessed to plant itself
practically slicing one of the tires
with an evening of the series of apartheid passes
francella and well then there was again
the pilot javier lamadrid in contention with bernardo obregón by being the
first place of the competition we already saw
and me that was on the side of the road and see
the problems that madrid was beginning to fear to keep her
automobile the distance little by little it was going to be
because to know what is in a full fight for the championship
Hector Marmolejo left the sharia track momentarily but he
reintegrated when another who had been doing a very good career was
ramón de zulueta with car number 139 that gradually was getting into
in the positions and get to be behind the fight for the first and
second
not an Olympus had returned to battle was stunned to recover
places
with the desire to leave
fast to the straight
and that's why we've seen them in most of the qom
get to the outside of the track to the ground
We were already rolling in the final part of the competition, definitely Bernardo
Obregon had controlled the ties
his teammate
only pilots who are fighting the championship
that will have to radically change its regulation to be able to grow in
competitors but whatever the important thing at the moment
is precisely the battle between these two who are looking for
97 in this category in category there was she
ahead p javier lama tightening with all the madrid in the final part
we will see the arrival towards the goal area of ​​the xerez that was close and the
matrix tried to get into
on the road of bernardo obregón, however, there are those who make the difference
they were 360 ​​and 11 100 thousandths of a second
between the first and the second
his place the race takes to bernardo obregón with which prolongs
until the last date in guadalajara so we charge lamadrid ramón de
his note was placed the third roberto fernandez reached the fourth and hector
ochoa was in fifth we go to a break and return for the payment